Deal Masters this time by saying yes
Because I had said Oripachagager card shop, I turned that six times .
I would like to confirm what went out
By the way, it was 200 yen once, so I used it for 1200 yen for 6 times , so what is it?
Let's see if it is good
First of all it is here
Don't
This is King Magellan, so five?
Five entered have it in here is something I Berry Lee more than the newly Always
It is likely there are Victory E'that it certainly it's best
In the beginning, King Magellan is very nostalgic at first
I have it here
And then the table is still green-green
This is also a pretty blowing card.
Good mood approach mute theory something like this
It's a creature card , there 's a godlink .
And here here darkness of spell 6 quires secret
Love and hate illustrations are great
Don This is the Seventh Tower
Sounds of the Evil Civilization Spell Card of Natural Civilization
This is a limit card
It is a spirit of Yosakoi locker of the road line road It is of light civilization
Hi Then let's Nonwai here.
Stomach food x
It also received the letters to the editor of the users had I darkness civilization have this I wonder if users had it corresponds old chair with Koch
It was good
And it's a channel fight Ali Bai Prik It's 88,000 double breaker.
Yayoi Union My sample at the end of the life turn with 5000 speed attackers of 4 mana
It will be quite easy to use
And Bakudasha mode track but this is pretty nice I 4 still 3000
A day's creature turns into a battle and you can draw a card
And here you can summon up your own colorless creatures as much as 0
I will use it quite
Last hole Muso Zaku
Then don
Yes this is awakening tanzanite
It this is the berry
It is a 79 sen creature
Umemee is an under t card lug
There is an if gate
Then here Kurokamiryu behind the scenes An An Nyaku An'yato
It's a 4 mana 6000 creature with no
4 It is the mother of a large reversal shield trigger also by real you and Mana real
Last brain charger
Yes continue
Here Don'
This is super rare
It's dead, it 's a bit dirty, but it's a bit dirty
a 4 power -6000 or less of the other party when it is the ultimate evolution of this creature tack
Can destroy up to 2 creatures and have a triple breaker
Such raw of the most 5000
Yes followed by cock joker
I have an a-like code and I 'm open
7 q Double circuit breaker
Yes next
Ogoden Goren victory
Here forever if I there is that attack chance
Yes and it is here the magic crystal super Sevilla Li Baiba
7 It is mana 9000
And here is the last Tallhammer Jormungardo
86,000 yen creature card
Yes last 2 pack
Next I don't miss this one anymore
King Poseidon have this I Berirea 7 still of 5000
This creature pull three station card of the battle zone data algal oils
Yes, and here it is Kurokami Ryutoshi old Is
The former master is still a blocker of 7000
It is this press charger and two
Here's an outlaw hunting area with a cutting king max 8 mana 8000
And here Ukiyoe trap
The end is the torrent Apache and the lizard
last
Don
All 4 Legendary Byron
This would be a true I have I also have it OJ nostalgic Nari people
It was strong.
And here's a shinigami doll
Burn in the next season
Take a Taha subjected to here the outlaw hunting grounds Katsukingu max
It had entered here as well and near the last explore
And God of destruction
The end was cut in Apache lizard style
This time by saying yes was also six times Moripa Gacha Dale Masters
I tried to turn it and introduced what kind of card came out
It seems to contain always Why do not I more berry Lian Well is
come
ぱ ー ー り り ぇ
Well it was one piece even though six times of them
After all the cards are dirty
Well , I thought there was a bit, but it was a card that I could use quite well
In
Also I Well I think it 's such a Fu or later turn opportunity by all means I wish I had
We wish you subscribe
If you have a pc click on the screen
If you are a smartphone, please click url below